Fix panic caused by invalid spanId with b3 propagator (#5754)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- The superfluous `response.WriteHeader` call in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when the response writer is flushed. (#5634)
- Custom attributes targeting metrics recorded by the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` are not ignored anymore. (#5129)
- Use `c.FullPath()` method to set `http.route` attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin`. (#5734)

> - Fix out-of-bounds panic caused by invalid spanId with b3 propagator. (#5754)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix out-of-bounds panic in case of invalid span ID in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/propagators/b3`. (#5754)
```
